Anton: We're going over business plan written by autonomous AI agent. Sorry, no. The business plan is for a company that sells autonomous AI research agents for mathematicians. So I want to get your thoughts on this plot. Yeah, let me just check that it's doing what it's supposed to be doing. We see. It looks like it's recording and transcribing, but is there a way to see any shot you can see transcription live? Sometimes you can, yeah, but I don't know, can we see it? You see anything like that? Maybe under show transfer. This is gonna be me talking, yeah? Okay, makes sense. Yeah, there you go. All right, so the idea is we build SAS. I told you what SAS is. Here's A pop quiz. Do you remember what SAS means? Don't tell me. Software or something, something, a software assistance or I don't know, some of software. Yeah, good. Yeah, software as a service. OK, on which research mathematicians configure custom autonomous AI agents, each one. I don't know why, like a bespoke, it's in Facebook, combination of prompts, tools, Darren's dances of a bespoke, does he? Yeah, I mean, it's just like Taylor, basically. Ohh, okay, I don't even know that your your words with yourself, I, combination of prompts, tools. being like lean computer algebra search verifiers to think about the problems that they care about. Agents run on long horizons. So that means that it's like the output is, it can we *******. You ever have this where like anything you're trying to do, like it just keeps getting interrupted and then it's like, oh yeah, this was literally my ******* thought process. Oh ****, it's gonna tell my work that I'm swearing. Did you see that? Well, that is like this doesn't get sent. I don't know, bro. I think Jeff, Jeff, I think Jeff joins right now. Say, boys, our business is position in the white space between 3 crowded categories, right? So these are kind of our competitors, Olympian grade. Uh, power startups, so prove I can't read prover startups. Right, so that's... Harmonic AI is one of them. Pull that up here. But. By the way, so do you know of the like sovereign wealth fund stuff going on? The what fund? Sovereign wealth fund. Like, you know, you've been like paying attention to the news or? No, not really. Okay. What is that? Like, it's like in some investment program that Canada is running right now. And I know that there is, my mom was telling me about this company called Cohere, Cohere AI or something like this. Basically a Canadian like run. A.I. company, yeah, that that you can listen, so I I would just it just came to mind that I just wanted to made up 'cause. In choosing, like... what companies to have. Uh, servers. Servers, or whatever it, it might it could be, I mean, anyways, it'd be good to to to research the the whole. Field of players there for, sorry, for what specifically? For like, well, you know how you're saying if eventually we want to have our own servers somewhere? Servers, yeah. Yeah, well, I mean... I don't mean like, no, no, no, but I'm like, I'm assuming you meant like a rental server. Yeah, yeah, I think so. I think that's pretty easy to do. I mean, it's something we pay for, but yeah, you're right. Well, that's something research is like, what's what fits our purposes when we figure out what those are exactly. But yeah, so these are startups where they prove theorems. You might ask why that's a profitable idea. I'm not entirely sure. I think it's because people, it sort of profits from the belief that people have that if you're good at math, then you're going to be good at finance. Because I know, for example, Axiom Math is doing things with like... Trading now, but they started out as a theorem prover, and they're valued at about $1.6 billion. Well, I mean, it would be profitable for people who, like, like, in terms of you're selling to like the math department. Well, if you're selling to a math department, you won't be valued at $1.6 billion. OK, if that was your like end goal. or like that was what people thought your potential was, you're not going to be done, right? Every math department in the world combined, I think, is probably not that worth that much. Of course, maybe not. Um... Yeah, generic AI coding platforms. So then, again, the business is positioned in between these three categories, right? The cursor, allowable. I kind of disagree that that's something we have to contend with too much, because I don't see us doing much. Like, I don't think that maybe we'll have a CL line, right? Like a command line interface, but like... Maybe not at first, you know, I don't know. Or like that's something that's available with like power users, but like the main way to interface with what we build is going to be a kind of more visual thing. Like, like that, you're referring to the kind of UI that you interact with as supposed to, yeah, in the terminal, right? Yeah, where it's like a kind of special command. I think that's gonna scare a lot of people off of the showing, so if you've never done the thing, like it's better to have a UI where it's easy to do things, nonprofit science agent platforms. Um... Yeah, so this is actually one to think about. So there's a sort of similar thing, we'll come to this later in biology where it's, it like does biology research, but. Okay. With AI. Well, is it, this is like helpful? No, it's quite similar to what we're trying to do, where it like kind of deploys AI agents to sort of gather sources, do like a literature review. I think, well, I think it'll come up in a second, but as far as I remember, it's very similar, but just for biology, which, yeah, cool. Okay. headline numbers that we are underwriting, underwriting. Okay, this is a bit ambitious, I don't know, maybe not, but it's like, how do we get the $10 million APR in year three? It's APR. It's your ARR, I know, I'm sorry, ARR. I don't know, what does it stand for, but I think it's like valuation. Annual recurring revenue. Okay, so it's even more, that's really good. That would be a much higher evaluation then. If that's actually what we're producing in revenue. Academic licenses, individual research subscriptions, private lab enterprise contracts. verified knowledge graph data licensing to Frontier AI Labs. And that's again, that's something that like a lot of people would pay for if we do this well, right? Is that like we're able to make these graphs of like all math knowledge. Yeah, they're easy to follow and easy to use. And we can think about how to best set that up in terms of like, you know, where is that information going to be stored? Is it tied to something on GitHub? How is it like? How do we make it so it's easy to change with things? So, this is also part of what I meant when I was when I was saying, the, you know, map map department sort. Saying that. I forget exactly what you're saying was, but that they wouldn't all math partners in the world wouldn't deal with somewhat like, like who's... Who can would actually be able to afford this that who actually wants it? If the maybe AI companies do it, could be like if we build a map of all of mathematics and it's good, there it's gonna be like Anthropic might pay us like a billion dollars, they might buy us right, and that's honestly like that's not a bad outcome. Because what often happens is like you, you start, like you have a startup and then you have a lot of investors. Like if it's going well and it's successful, and each time you have an investor, you create new shares to give to them for what they're giving you usually, right? Some free, and then that dilutes your own ownership of it, right? So, by the end, you might be, you might have like 20% stake, and then you sell it off, but that 20% is of like a billion dollar company, you know, correct? Then we can take that money and do whatever else we want, but like, you know, that's not a bad outcome. It's like if somebody buys this from us, and a lot of people I think would be really willing to pay for a really good map of mathematics, because they're training. It should be better on math, right? Single biggest risk is non-technical. Frontier models can already do graduate level math. When steered well, it's trust. Mathematicians are a market that pays dearly for instruments they trust and ignores everything else. The defensible product, the marketing strategy, and the funding sequence in this plan are all designed around that single trade. I think that's very true. That, you know, and you know this, the mathematicians are kind of an odd bunch in that, like anything that's flashy and would like, you know, is like typically good marketing is going to be a major turnoff for our target audience. So if like we over exaggerate, if like we claim something and it turns out that's false. That's not good. We have to avoid that. So we have to be like very, if anything, like kind of a, it's going to be interesting to try to find a balance between being modest about what we can do and realistic, where it's like, well, I don't know if we can do this, but we can maybe do this. And then that thing that we said that we can maybe do is already, whoa, we can do that. So then it's good marketing. You know what I'm saying? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Appetitions have eagerly dumped ChatGPT quad. So this is the frustration that creates the market. Appetitions have eagerly dumped quad. ChatGPT Gemini for routine assistance. Terence Dow formalized a one-page proof and lean using Copilot. Maybe you've seen that. That's in the other one of his videos. OK. And now publicly says AI is ready for prime time math and theoretical physics. But the same community is uniformly, finding out, it doesn't know I'm going to talk to chance now, is uniformly frustrated with the next step, getting from a promising assistant to produces real organized and citable results. Objections are concrete and specific. Hallucination, yeah. That's like probably the biggest issue that we have to figure out. No persistence, each conversation is, I mean, that we've already solved, that's very easy to solve now. No verification, yeah, does it makes it, did I go over that too quickly? I mean, I think probably at this point you agree, right? But, but, but, but, by cycle side castle's same cycle, like it just means it's like... the context disappears. Is that what they mean? Yeah. Okay. Which, okay, maybe I should, maybe I've glossed over that a bit too quick. I think there is something to be said about how do we organize its past sessions so that it's not. a billion logs, right? And it's like actually like a synthesis of everything that it needs and nothing more to do that, to continue working on that problem, to make progress over time, right? Yeah, so right now, actually, interestingly, in like, Claude, in the terminal, with your conversations, it'll already do this view, if you scroll up. To view the past, yeah, it'll it'll have compressed, yeah, compressions, yeah. We could also have the compressor agent or compressor skill, yeah, and that's gonna be different, right? Like, we have a very specific thing that we're doing, right? It's math, so the way that we're gonna compress that is gonna be different from... Probably the default that Quad does. And I don't know, I've had very, honestly, I'm not a fan of how to compresses. I find that it usually doesn't really get the gist of things across. So we can play that with that. Yeah. Yeah, and this is something I think I mentioned this. Okay, no verification. Community trusts lean, so we need things to be written in lean. Doesn't check, doesn't trust unchecked LOM proofs. Makes sense. Yeah. And then no attribution. So A mathematician's career is built on citations. And you know, we want to be popular with mathematicians, right? And not just because we're going to be selling to them, but because if Terrence Tao is like, these guys have it going on. It's an interesting relationship between math and money where like a mathematicians. Like, a recommendation from Terrence Tao is worth, like, more than a recommendation for, from, you know, finding the form of it or something, yeah, right? Like, if it might be the most valuable, like, references that you could have or mathematicians, 'cause people... Trust that for money, yeah. So what we're going to do is become very popular with mathematicians. And we're going to do that by, so it says, output that cannot be cited cleanly to its prompter is professionally useless. So we're going to have it so that a mathematician can choose whether or not a discovery that was made from a prompt that they wrote or. From an agent that they created is actually like cite this up, like they could just, you know, take that information and run off, and and that's completely up to them. I mean, cite it to them to their name. Yeah, I feel like that should be like the default. Yeah, right, like, like, like. Uhh. I mean, I mean, it's a tool, right? Like, I like, I don't even like, obviously, I know you're kind of speaking from a from a business standpoint, it will sell better if it if this is the case, but like even from a moral standpoint, like it it's a tool and you have used the tool to discover something that I think that discoveries yours. George Hilkinson. Yeah, no, I agree with that. And we could even have a sort of leaderboard right on the website for like. .. And it's like hard to have a number associated to discoveries or something, but just like this guy proved RH, this guy proved, I don't know, gold, whatever, right? There is, so it's funny 'cause I saw recently an interview with Taris Talon and Lex Fulan, and... He was saying that this is a difficulty right now in the math community is how do you assign, I don't know, like... Credit, yeah, especially on a paper that multiple people worked on. One of the things he mentioned is that he does not want he, like, he was representing like Goodhart's law. I don't know if you're familiar, no, but like, basically, I think Goodhart's law is like a metric to evaluate. whatever the success of something, if that metric is made public. Ceases to be a good metric, because it becomes game fun. So true, yeah, and so maybe having a leaderboard is a bit kind of productive, but just something to keep in mind. I'm not like, I'm not entirely against that, just maybe not a leaderboard, but you know, like, 'cause I think, okay, I agree with that in a way, but like, I think... There are times where it's not like where it's good to have something like that, and it is, I wasn't, I hadn't thought of this before, but you know what's also a gap now is that like it used to be a big part of the math community, Stock Overflow and Math Stock Exchange, and those got killed by AI, yeah, and this could become to replace them. where like we have mathematicians like with their names who are running agents like with themselves and doing research and it's all kind of like. part of this web and you can see like who has the most contributions. Maybe they have, maybe it's like mathematicians decide, you know, maybe it's not our own leaderboard, it's a kind of up votes, down votes, whatever, maybe up votes. I think some of the stack exchange was toxic as we go. But I mean, but I mean the whole purpose of the of of stock exchange. is, I feel like, kind of, the purpose was to get, I guess, other opinions and directional help with your, with your problem, right? Like, I think just math in general, like, I actually, to be honest, I'm not entirely sure how the two ideas relate, like the idea of like, Here's the contributions from whatever, and also just like the the usage of Stack Exchange as a as a means of getting help for putting the phone. Well, it's like I think that for... Math overflow, there were, there was like a combination of like questions that were like, how do I do this like calculus question? And then questions where it's like, you know, some really deep math problem, right? Maybe a discrete that nobody had ever thought of before. And then somebody answers it. And it's like a famous math, or maybe it's not, right? Or like, do you remember there was this woman, Cleo, who would... Solve these difficult integrals, and it was always very beautiful, and certainly, and she do that way too quickly for it to be a human, but she was doing it in like 2009. Ohh, no, I'm not, yeah, so it's just like it creates a sort of, and I hadn't thought of this, but like maybe you do this could be the so kind of a social media. that because Stack Overflow was supposed to be like just like mathematicians kind of getting help from other mathematicians, right, at different levels. But it became social media for mathematicians, where people would like share opinions and kind of like give their random takes. And now that's kind of dead, right? Like there's still some people posting on it, but it's all dated. It's like. Looks the same as it did 10, 20 years ago. Like maybe this could be the thing is like where you know you have mathematicians that are like discussing with each other like what sorts of agents you know work best. Like we want to make this as open source as much of like a community as possible because then people are going to flock to it. Right. You know. Right. So it's got to be both. It's like a place where you can build these agents that run and, you know, but it's also got to be like a place where it's like you can go and talk to, you know, or write a message to Terrence now and like he will get back to you and then you guys can talk about agents, whatever, just like your own research, you know, because like I think in 10 years, bro, every mathematician is going to be running. Agents, right? Yeah, yeah, like if you wanna be, you know, doing like novel stuff, yeah, and so it's gonna be that interaction with humans with agents and humans talking about what sorts of agents, and that's really good for us, honestly, but it does make me nervous though, the idea, because like... Making a tool is one thing, running a social media site is another, and it holds its own challenges, right? Like, is there what would be like a bare bones version of that that could be implemented like that? That would, like, not that we could never go into go to that direction, but that would avoid maybe something major, like, like, like one, you know, one thing is like, uh... it would be a real hassle to have to moderate *******, you know, pulse, right? Some like, some guys like, here's the ******* equation to blow up the ******* world. Like, like, like, like, I don't know, like, Or just some, like, some guys, well, this meant to be public posts, right? I mean, I, I mean, I kind of, I don't know if I agree that it's a huge hassle. I think, like, Stack Overflow did it, right? Was it always great? Like, no, well, they did it using moderated, right? Yeah, it did do that, yeah, but that was just like famously what made it. Fair. We can do it with AI moderators. That's not a question. I think that would be unpopular. But yeah. But again, it doesn't need to be in the same way. Maybe it's like a DM thing where you have agents. I think there should be some like threads or something where you have, we'll think about them. Yeah, it's a good question. I do really like the idea. I just think it would be much more, like it would be embraced much more widely if it had a kind of community aspect to it where people could not, like if you had something where you run an agent in isolation from everyone else, and it's like you can do that. You should have the option of running an agent and like nobody can see what you're doing. And maybe that's what you want, but like. I think the ability to run an agent and be like, guys, look at what my agent did. A, it would make the agents a lot better because like, literally real mathematicians are like the smartest people in the world. Like, let's be real, right? So like, chances are the best agents are going to be created by mathematicians. And if it's like me and you thinking about the agents, that's like 2 brains. Two of the greatest minds, and, but if we let some of the other, like, you know, some of the second grade, like Terrence Tao, you know, yeah, yeah, yeah, wrong, whatever, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, maybe once in a while they'll come up with a good idea themselves, yeah, yeah, I mean, never again, well... No, okay, no, wait, no, but I do, and that kind of goes towards like, what would this UI look like, right? Because there, there's, because you mentioned a few things, right? There's the visualization of math groups and theorems and how they connect together. And then there's the... The UI that you would use in order to spin up these agents to do research for you, and then there's the chatting interface and maybe forum interface, and so this is like... I can imagine that as a full product, this would, you would have, this would be integrated in the way that you, you know, you tab into these different kind of features, right? Yeah, and like, you know, as we're talking about this, it's supposed to be donkey, like, whoa, like, I have absolutely no idea how I'm gonna build a prototype for this, and that's fine, because... Our first job, bro, is to get people to invest. And we want to sell them a vision, right? We want to show them something and present them with a set of facts and arguments where they'll be like, holy ****, this is a great idea. And these guys are the people that we want thinking about. Like that is our goal, right, for the first. I want to say three to six months. Like we can spend, you know, like a month working on some ****** prototype and it's going to be ****** because we don't have enough resources, both in terms of money and time. It's going to look AI generated and it's not, you know, and it's not going to have any users. Right. Right. So it's not going to be good. Right. Or we can get money, like build a really good presentation and really think things through, really do our research, think things through. And then when we inevitably talk to investors, we're going to sound much more convincing. So, and maybe this is not something that needs to be answered right now, but I... I want to put it out there before I forget. Put it out there. What happens if we, in fact, get a lot of investment? Yeah. But then we can't build the product, or maybe we can't build it all within a certain time frame, right? Like, okay, on the one hand, that's also like it goes towards the trust thing. And the image, but also like, are there legal consequences of that? We go to jail forever. Okay. All right. That's how it works. If you get an even $1. 00 and it's like an investment, there's a contract, you got to do something. Yeah. It's life in prison and also your family is killed. And also all of their descendants are killed. That's how it works. And so some people say it's a little bit draconian, but that's how the law is these days. Oh, is it how the law? Well, you know what, I think it's fine. That's a risk I'm willing to take. No, bro, I mean, most things fail, right? Okay, so it's like people, I guess on the, it's the it's the investor's risk, like they're investing at their own risk. The way it works is they're like, I'll invest, I want 20% of your company, right? Okay. Right, and like we'll create shares for them and our and the way it works is like our percent, our shares get diluted, right? Yeah. So we start 50-50, whatever, and then they want 20%, so then it's like it expands to whatever it needs to for them to have 20%. Yeah. Yeah. So, okay, okay. I guess I'm saying this because just to maybe divulge my psychological predispositions, it makes me nervous. To, to, I suppose. No. Sell like to advertise something that I haven't built. That haven't yet built, yeah, so that's that, that's this, but well, I didn't know that, right? It's not like we're, we're like, yeah, yeah, guys, it's just like, it's just we're not gonna show you today, but I can trust me, bro, it exists, they know we haven't built it, like they're giving us money to build it, OK, OK, and that's completely normal, bro, like most things, think about most businesses that you... You can think of, like, think of Amazon before it was Amazon, like, you can't build that **** unless you have already billions of dollars. And I think before they were profitable, they spent, we can look this up, I think it was like $10 billion before they were profitable. Yeah, that's right. It's just people were like... Holy ****, like this is the future and they were right, right? Like it does, but immensely profitable company, but if they didn't become problem, would they be $10 billion normal? Sorry? If they, if they didn't eventually become profitable, would they? Well, the investors would be, yeah. Investors, but yeah, wouldn't be. Yeah, OK. Yeah, it's not like they would be forced to pay that, yeah. Like, OK, OK. No, and then this is a fair question. Like, it's a great question, but yeah, it's not like you don't take on any legal risk. I mean, you don't even necessarily take on financial risk unless you're paying for it with your own money. Okay. But like, yeah, if we get investors, that's, you know, they take that risk. That's what venture capital is. It's like you, and most of the time they invest in things and they fail, right? And they lose that money. Mhm. But, like, you know, it's based on the idea that, like, one of those companies is gonna be Amazon, right? OK, cool. OK, so what's the next thing? Alright. Okay, why now? May 2026? Four conditions. So frontier models can reason mathematical at graduate level research, right? We see that now. You know, they're winning IMO gold. Um... I mean, Lean was around for a while, but I think the interface of Quad or like AI agents and Lean is really powerful now, where we can really formalize proofs and check that things are right without hallucinations sneaking in. But we're going to have to think about that. I'm just kind of talking out of my ***. I don't know how to do that. I like that, that might, like we might fail just to get to that, because I can say, no, we... can't produce something that is consistently right. I think we'll succeed at this, but maybe that's just my optimism, you know. But yeah, so that's something we have to figure out, but that's in. Chrome caching tier model routing collapsed agent costs. So yeah, agents are getting cheaper. Math community accepted AI as legitimate. Certainly there's some people in the math. Do you smell vinegar? I do smell it. It's a weird name. Where is that coming from? So weird. So yeah, some math people are starting to accept AI. Total addressable market. So active research mathematicians of 80, 000, few thousand are early adopters. Math and CS department, yeah. Isn't that kind of like, but there's a small, really? In the world? Active research mathematicians. I did not think, like I was joined with you, but I thought maybe there's a cop thumb. Really? Like, like people who like... Well, like I published a math paper. Yeah. So you know, like I was one of 1000 people. Well, like, like, like, like how many people like graduated with a math degree from Carlton this year? Like there were like there were 10 people in my program. No, less than 10 people in my program, but there are so many universities then, yeah. I don't know, okay. Bath is yes, 5000 globally 500 realistic site licensed targets. Yeah, so I guess how many departments are, you know, so 5000 at departments, so there you go is the answer to your question. Okay, yeah, so we could try to sell to the top 500 universities they could buy. That's another one. It's like, I'm kind of skeptical of this. I don't want to go this route. Okay. It's the more profitable route, perhaps. Okay. I don't want, at least for a while, to make it like we're actually doing finance in disguise and our reason why, like it's not going to be for quant funds, pharma. Pharma, maybe, like if it's like, if we can generalize this to be any kind of research, I want to start with math just because otherwise it gets really diluted and it's going to be harder to find target audience. I agree. And also, just to be like clear, Defense Labs, bro. You want to sell to a ******* what's it called? Pro, not pro, what is it called again? Oh, I think I know. Are you talking about like the Raytheon? No, there's one Palantir. It's not the Palantir. I'm going to try to buy this ****, but hold on, because they want to know everything. I mean, you know, you know, you know, like. My heart is like with the maths, like this is like everything, everything that we're taught here. I've wanted to do this since I was like 15, yeah, but I just, I just like have like tried to do it like manually on my ******* laptop, my my obsidian ball, but you know, like, like it's and bro, and that's like when you see this ****. Like the point is not, it's not that I want this amount of mining right in my bank account. Like this means that we can have this amount of compute working on our, you know, project. That's how I think about this, right? It's literally just a tool to get us all the data centers. all of the like really smart people working for working on this, right? Like, it's not about just like turning a buck, at least for me. For me to, and like, I don't think there's anything shameful of making money either. It's just that, it's just that like, I'm excited right now. I think it's disgusting, frankly. Yeah, that and Polish jokes. Ohh, I can go in and end, same thing, same thing, same thing, usual is the suspect, so, but yeah, yeah, so, in any case, yeah, like, I, I don't think it's... Probably make money, but, but yeah, I, I, what gives me ******* rock hard about this is, is, thank you for saying this to my work, yeah, is is just is ******* like, basically. Having this, this is this is a human, this is this is a project that, if successful, think about this, man. They're gonna put ******* statues of us in Parliament Hill. I lost that. Bro's like, I'm not doing it for the money. It's about the fame. No, no, no, go again, again. I came out wrong, it came out wrong. What I meant to say is, this will be a project that will, you know I'm gonna buy, you know I'm gonna buy, I know, yeah, I know you're hungry for ******* power and and and ******* thing, but I just no, I just wanna do the math, but OK, but but what I mean is... You're right, though. This is completely revolutionary, dude. Like, if we get this working and it's like, because it's like an exponential, we're like feeding off of the exponential of like, here's all the existing math knowledge, expand it, and it keeps expanding and expanding and, and if there's a way to do that without errors creeping in. Hmm, it's and I think lean is lean is that means of not allowing errors to pre. I, I hope so, yeah, yeah, and, and, and like, just imagine, and, and like the idea of, you know what, you know what really gets me going is is the idea of of this product. what's it called? Condensing proofs that that just that this that idea is so exciting because then it it starts to like let's say like this the this is the visualization of of all math right and it branches up like this and then there's like some Like, if these are the like the the axioms down here and see or somewhere theorem up here and it takes this long-winded long-winded path to get to here, but then it like we run our condenser script and it goes, you know, yeah, and then there's just this like dense. Tree of knowledge, like, ohh man, well, I don't like, like that's and then and then any AI that can can access that tree of knowledge, it's its reasoning power will will grow. Like, incredibly, like, just even just... Even just getting your hands on the outcome of this product, not even the product, the outcome would be revolutionary. Yeah, you're so right. Yeah, and it's like when I say we shouldn't build a prototype before talking, like we should try to build one, we're just not... I think going to show it at first. But we should do that because it's helpful for us to understand and to answer potential questions from mathematicians, from investors, as to like what it will take to actually build this. We should have a sense of that before we obviously start building it. But as we're talking to investors. and saying, listen, this is how much we're asking for. This is, and this is why, right? Because this is what we'll need, you know. Yeah. Um, right. Okay. Um. We should probably talk about like timeline to somewhat, but yeah, I guess there's a lot more in stock in here. There's, yeah, there's a lot more. OK, OK, OK. Yeah, so like what it is, you know, a researcher configures an agent, picks a model, as you said, like what kind of model should be all the top models. It has some tools like Lean, Sage, do you know what Sage is? No. Or like, you know, gap, that's even more obscure, like Mathematica. basically. Okay. Web search archive, that's an important one. We should have an archive integration. And when we think about like building this map, is it like built out of a... body of existing knowledge. I'm skeptical of just taking things off of archive because some of them are wrong and like posted by randos. There's also math load, right, which is part of this is a library for me. Right, there's proof wiki. Yeah. There's a lot of things, right, but like we're going to have to think about like what do we trust and like. How do we bring it all together? But ultimately, I actually want to have one that like is maintained within our systems. Just because, like, I wanna know kind of what's there, even if it's a lot, and like I wanna be fully responsible for that maintenance, and like making sure that things are true. Yes, so I have a couple things to say about that, so there could be a feature where, like, okay, there's the there's the official tree, and then... Let's say you're Terrence Town, you made some discovery, you want to add to the tree, right? There's some something that came to a blue check mark where, like, it's like this branch has been added. That's why I had the same thought. I wanted a check mark for, like, check by lean, check by... Expert, yeah, okay, but there should be several of those, and you're like, okay, it's got the expert, it's got lean, it's got whatever that can be trusted, right? And in terms of, in terms of, let's say, like, for instance, your markdown files, for like your notes, right? Yeah. Uh... Like, essentially, like we can pull, like, if we somehow, I don't know how big proof wiki is huge, but like, if we, if we somehow got all of proof wiki in as markdown files, right? Like, even if that's such a cool idea, bro, and even something like that. Would take so much money, right? Like, that's something we would be able to ask. Yeah, so I guess that's a good one. I didn't realize that, yeah, it probably would take a ton of money, but even let's say, even if there, I'm sure there are mistakes somewhere within the within proof wiki, right? It's okay, it's okay if... The source has mistakes, so long as before anything gets published to the tree, it goes through lean verification, because, yeah, because that literally guarantees if you trust the, if you trust lean compiler, then then. everything else is, if it gets the AOK from Lean, then it's true. So. Is there a question of translation though? That's, yeah, that's a good, yeah, that is a good point, but at the very least, yeah, so the only problem is, if you're translating, if I assume you mean from like LaTeX to Lean, for instance. You may not have said what the author wants you to say, but you won't have said a false thing if mean. It, it gets, yeah, yeah, we have to make sure that that translator is like unbiased and that, like, it doesn't, you know, it's not incentivized to like pass things through, right, obviously, but like, what do you mean, like, where you know, it's like the AI agent that's doing the proof is also translating to lean? Okay, because then it's, you know, his job is to, like, a lot of the time with, and this is more general point, like, that's why it's helpful to have like a skeptic agent for like an adversarial system, because if you're AI, if you're telling the agent to prove something, his job is to prove it, just is to convince you that it's proved it, right? Right. Whereas. We wanted to grind a correct proof. Those are subtly different things, right? But I mean, I think, I think the, yeah, the the worst thing, and this is still very incredibly important, but the worst thing that could happen, provided everything's been tried by mean, is that... The AI says a correct thing that is not the author wanted to say. Yeah. Yeah, so that's going to be something to track. And also like... Uh, you know, I don't know how easy it is to translate certain things into Wien. They're like, it's not, and it's not like, you know, you can just translate all math into Wien right now. There's. Things that are relatively easy to write down and then you can translate them to lean. There's things that are very abstract where translating them into lean is still, I think, nobody really knows how to approach that. We'll see. I haven't tried. It's just from what I've heard. Okay. So yeah, we even verify, so it's mechanically verifiable. receives notifications when the agent makes meaningful progress or verify breakthrough. So that's our, that's... Yeah, so sir, so the person configures an agent, points the agent to a problem, lets the agent run for, you know, at certain times, kind of like what I'm doing now, receives notifications when the agent makes meaningful progress. That's something else. Like, I asked it, like, tell me when you make meaningful progress. Every single two hours, it's like, I've made so much progress. Not really, like it's maybe done one little numerical thing, but like it has to actually, like, we have to... Explain to an AI what it means to do something meaningful in the publishable. Because an AI is always going to say it's meaningful in publishable, or it's going to be like, it's a waste of time. Like it's a very all or nothing kind of thing. It's weird. Is that something we could also adjust with its personality? Could we be like, like, you're an enlightened centrist and our objective and all bad news? I wonder how well that was. You're a libertarian thing. Well, you left your job because your boss told you to get vaccinated. Alright, it's getting a little personal. Well, okay, okay, but like, but like, could we be like, you know, like... Or, or maybe have another maybe skeptic agent kind of review it and and have this position that, you know, like only something truly remarkable is worth it, you know, you know. Yeah, we do. We don't want to take that too far. But yeah, I think honestly, my experience so far is like you want to, it's hard to overshoot that because if it's truly, like if it's something that is kind of remarkable, it's going to probably run it through. But we'll, yeah. The public knowledge graph, right? This is the strategic centerpiece, every verified output theorem lemma, counter example, conjecture with evidence is a node. Edges are dependencies, generalizations, refutations, references. Oh man, do you have a pen and paper? Ohh. No, bro, that's too low tech for this. I don't know, maybe I do actually. Why? Because I had this, I had this really cool thought. Oh, you wanted to draw something? Yeah, about the tree. Uh-huh. Yeah, bro. Even if you describe, it meant to be able to drive for the transcript later, really? OK, yeah, OK. Well, basically, let me get the water, try to put this in. Fantasy. Let's see what works. I'm good for now. Water. Yeah, I'm gonna forget about this, and then like Jeff's gonna go and find a pizza. Yeah, I think I I can. I. So, okay. Um... Yeah, in terms of, let's speak with the computer. So, in terms of... Visual representation of like theorems and stuff. It'd be really cool to. Like, if it's like name commit like, okay, like some like whoever this is like Gauss's theorem or something, right? It'd be cool to have like, you know, a little banner, like, I don't know, I don't know how how do I express this, like... How do theorems get named today? Like, if something, if if Terrence Talking with a new theorem today, yeah, what would the theorem name be? Well, it's usually just like proposition and then the numbering that is automatically assigned to it by the latex document, and then if it's an important theorem. That's decided later on when it gets cited. If it gets cited a lot, then somebody will come up with a name. But it's considered in very poor taste to name a theorem after yourself. Right, right. So... But like, so you know how in chess openings, there are named openings, right? And then, like every so often, a new name will come up because someone's done something novel, yeah, and then and then other people will name it, right? It'd be cool to have something similar, so like... Chess, what they do is they have PG PNGs or PGNs, which is basically the the map of the, it's like the it's like a string of moves, but like a certain. Every, like, a certain PGN will have, like, if it's a known one, will have a name, right? It'd be cool to have, like, like something that came to, like, the, you know, the known openings, and then, and then, and then have some sort of... I don't know how you would do it, but like you wouldn't name, you wouldn't obviously name something up to yourself, but it'd be cool for there to be some feature where it's like, oh, this has been referenced or cited so many times, we can propose a name for it. Yeah, like. Yeah, yeah, this is just something that came into my head. I, I, it's not really relevant to the hard discussion, but I wanted to, it's honestly, that's a good idea, because, like, maybe mathematicians want things named after them. Of course they do, and they do, right? And it's like we all pretend we don't, but like, of course we do. And if we add that as a feature where it automatically, you know, names some kind of thing that gets cited in your name as like, you know, the Crediva theorem, you're going to be really happy with that, right? And it's like you're going to spend more time on a platform. that involves your theorem being cited, you know, and like the things that you discover that your agents discover. I think, I think, I think we're we're hitting on something here, which is in terms of like the business, you know, there's an underlying. I suppose appeal to ego, yes, in a certain way, not just ego, like there for this is ego, but like also to. To, you know, aesthetics, like making something visually beautiful, yeah, and and communicating with the mathematicians. We want to feel really good. Yeah, exactly. Yeah, oh man, I think, and it's not like, I mean, I don't see it as like, aha, we're just optimizing engagement. Like, it's kind of simple. Like, it's just like we want people to use this platform and to have a great time doing it. And honestly, I find that like, it's weird that. you know, oftentimes theorems get misattributed because of this rule and everyone's like kind of too shy to be like, could somebody please name this after me? Yeah, and it's fine. Like, I think, you know, if you did something, you worked on something your whole life, it should be an afternoon. Yeah. But I think that's fair, you know, if we can solve that problem, that's a great, it's a great idea. Yeah, and, and. Yeah, and it, and it also removes the the sort of the faux pas of needing to be able to, because we did it, because we did it for them, yeah, like, sorry guys, the system did it for me, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, I didn't name it after myself, it's done automatically. Ohh, this is sure enough to be kind of sick, bro. Okay, it's good, hey, talking about it, like it's born as we, you know, that's crazy. Like the difference today between like, it used to be like we would talk about it and then like we would have to like learn how to program and still find a bunch of developers to actually like scale it to something that can be used. Now, we just like talked about it, and then we're just like, see, we talked about it, I didn't know what built it for, for the most part, and then, yeah, like, isn't that amazing? Yeah, yeah. So that's the public knowledge graph. Yeah, and then it's exportable in bulk. I think that's an interesting idea. Mirrorable, we don't own mathematics. It's important to tell people. You know, we're not like claiming it to ourselves. Stewarded by a nonprofit foundation was one of the suggestions. kind of like Math Lib Initiative and the Lean FRL. The for-profit operates. The platform, the foundation governs the graph. This is an interesting thought. I don't know what to make of it. I mean, I'm not sure how that works with Math Lib. So she says this separation is the only thing that prevents an Elseaver style backlash. Elseaver is this company that owns a bunch of math journals where like they almost have a monopoly so they're able to charge a ton for every issue. Okay. And so it becomes a racket, right? We don't want that. I'm not convinced that that's the only way to prevent an LC style backlash, but I think it's an interesting idea to have, and I think, you know, we're already considering having open source elements to this. It might be a good idea to have a non-for-profit that actually goes through the math. I just don't know that it could, it has to be like an organization. It could usually be. mathematicians, frankly, right? Where it's like mathematicians have ultimate say over like what gets published, what doesn't in here, and that's not like, and frankly, I don't want that to be on me. Okay, I don't want that responsibility to be entirely on us, right? To be like, we moderate, like what kind of math is good? I don't know, bro. I'm, you know, like I'm not even, I don't even have enough, I don't even have a PhD in math, right? Like I don't have that expertise. Yeah, oh, I kind of wonder if moderation is necessary though. Like I was referring to moderation before. With respect to like social media, yeah, but like, in terms of... Building up a knowledge tree, yeah, especially if it's, you know, whatever has the the the for like is auto formalized and all that like. Would there need to be like, I maybe I could I could see something like, maybe there's maybe one sort of issue could arise of junk math, like like technical true things, but it doesn't don't they're not significant. Yeah, exactly. Maybe there could be something like that, but like... I think that's going to be a really common problem, especially AI generated math. Yeah. We're going to run into a lot of like 123 plus 1 is 124 theorems. So we're going to need ways, this is a separate problem of like, what makes a good new theorem? One idea is like a theorem is good if it simplifies or shortens the proof of a large body of other theorems right that are already in our system. And then, and then, yeah, and then what do you do with those other things? Like, I'm assuming, especially if they're well known, you don't just over reject them. Oh, no, no, I mean, like, it's good because it helps a lot of other theorems' proofs. Like, oh, I see. Their proofs get more efficient. And so we're like, oh, that theorem's good, because it clearly is very general. It like applies to a lot of other theorems and makes their proofs more efficient. I'm not saying that should be the only metric, but like, sorry, yeah, I misspoke. What about, what do you... Do with multiple proofs of the same theorem. Oh, that's a good question. I mean, sometimes, you know, I don't have a thing of like one proof per theorem. I think, you know, if you're able to, if there's a theorem, you can, you should be able to like wiki link to all of the known proofs. And I think, I don't see anything wrong with that, especially if they're like meaningfully different. There was something you said that I, could you, what were we saying a second ago about moderation, whether it's necessary? Yeah, oh yeah, bro, the problem we're going to run into, man, is that there's a lot of math areas. And I don't know if you have a feel for this, but like you realize when you're in grad school and you're trying to get a sense of an area that sometimes it's... one guy in the world who's 80 years old who knows that area and like nobody else with his life. And like you're like, wait a second, like there's 20 books about this and it's like all the people. So like, we need that one guy who's 80 years old. And chances are that guy is like usually very tech savvy, which is weird. It's Dworski, for example, right? Who we need that their input. We're going to need their input because they're going to know a lot better than us what is like for that particular. side of mathematics, like what should be there. So we're going to have to have human input, if not for quality. Then, just for trust to have mathematician communities trust, because if that's AI done by AI or it's done by us or it's done by something that's an opaque process, we're gonna just lose trust and no, you know, and then yeah, that's a good point. I guess what what makes me nervous is... If, let's say, there's some... some mathematician and that just like kind of for whatever reason he's he just won't to prove certain certain things that really ought to be proved. Yeah. Like it makes me nervous to put to put. Uh, how are it into somebody else's hand that could, like, basically, like, really **** things up? Yeah, well, it's going to be done by, like, they're going to need to, because how are we going to know that it's this 80 year old guy? Like, we're going to give them the ability to approve things, right? In one particular kind of sub area or for some set of tags that they're an expert in. And maybe it's not like a single kind of checkmark. For the, yeah, this is a great, maybe it's not a single check mark referred by experts who are experts, but for you can see which experts have read it and approved it. Okay, yeah, yeah, no, that's, yeah, and I think we're gonna need some kind of incentive structure for experts to be incentivized. to approve things because otherwise they're going to be like, I don't know, it looks right, but I'm not sure. And I don't want to like, you know, use my name on something, like put my name on something I'm not 100% sure about. So we're going to need to give them like some kind of reward or like, you know, somehow. Like expert approvals should be a way of like, okay. You know, right? And I guess it gives you credit, like if you've published something, it's been approved by, you know, you've published three different things that have been approved by actually that that gives you credibility. That gives you credibility. But what's it called? How do you like how do like math papers now, they go through some sort of approval process, right? So how does that work? Like peer review? Yeah, I guess peer review, yeah. Well, peer review, especially in math, is a bit lax, or at least in my, maybe it's because the journals I've been publishing are published in are mid. But it's like you submit a paper, there's an initial check that the paper follows the formatting guidelines. Then if it does, they're like, we'll get back to you. Then if the, so I've had my paper rejected a lot more times than has been accepted. Each time it was rejected, it was either due to like the formatting being not right, and then like they were like resubmit, and I would sometimes resubmit, sometimes not, but. When it was format was good, then they would wait a while and then if there was a rejection, they would just send a very general kind of email saying like, your results are not of the caliber of our journal, maybe phrased it a bit more nicely. And if it was an acceptance, what I had was... A very, like, shoddily written kind of like review of my article, where it kind of like talks about some theorems, gives some suggestions for some things that could be simplified. So, I think some comments that were true were like, you know, they found a genuine mistake, but I think they only read half the paper in my case, for example, because like all of their comments were very detailed, but like, for like... Maybe, maybe even less than half of the paper, and then there's nothing about the actually kind of the controversial part, where I know something's like, I don't know, yeah, OK, like it's right, but I did, I just kind of like gave a very ********** proof and I was like, ohh, they're gonna like know, and they just like didn't care. So it's not great. My point is like it's kind of reviewed by a person. It was an anonymous referee as well. Okay. And they just get asked, like if you're an expert in an area, and this is how it works right now, man. Like if you're an expert in an area, the journal emails you and they're like, why wouldn't you, would you like to review this? And you could be like, no. And they're like, cool. And this is why it takes, and then you're like, I'll do it. And they're like, great, we'll give you nothing in return. And it'll be anonymous. Yeah. So you're going to say no, right? Yeah. And so that's why it takes a year sometimes for videos to get published. Something came out of my head. So just like, you know how you're like, okay, your thing got rejected for formatting. Mhm. Well, but well above that before, ohh, 100%, yeah, that's a great point, yeah. Okay, okay, yeah, okay, yeah, okay, then I, I wonder if like this really blows up, is it gonna kill journals? Math journals? Yeah, yeah, yeah, well, we're gonna be like different at Uber for taxi drivers. Honestly, dude, that's a great thing, 'cause like math journals suck. They're, they overcharge. It's like a racket. It's been, it's like just divorced from the math community. This is a beautiful idea. It is a beautiful, because it... It literally benefits ******* the people working on the ****. It removes a whole bunch of, you know, removes the gatekeepers. It gives you the tools to do interesting research, and it brings all the knowledge together, and... It's open source, but we can still make money. What the ****? This is, is this like the perfect idea? One thing is like we have to be careful because like there's very open source things like Archive or ResearchGate, right? But the problem is that like most articles on ResearchGate are under garbage. And the fact that I can tell that without being an expert in anything is, it means that the experts are terrified of this ****, right? Which is why journals still exist, because it has some kind of review process, a pretty rigorous one. So we need to emulate that. That's important. Yeah. Because if it's like archived and I can be, I can like post a proof of RH, which is what I can do, right? I can go on archive right now. I can go on archive number theory because I've published a number theory, which means that I'm... free proof to publish with that tag, right? Which means that it's going to get like the visibility of pretty much every number theorist, right? Because there's not that many number theory papers that get published every day. Right. So I could publish a fake proof of RH and Terrence Tao is going to have to sit and look at my fake ***. Okay, I then I 100% agree. Of this, the blue of the check mark thing, but like having, yeah, having separate, like, like, you know, this, this expert not addition approved it, yeah, also being approved, also, whatever, some other guy, yeah, I, I really think that's why I see it, then. And so, but I do think we ought to think about it more deeply at some point in terms of like, okay. How do we get around maybe something where somebody's holding up an approval process that really ought not be held up? Yeah. But yeah, okay. Yeah. All right, going through this template agents, the marketplace seed out of the box, theory builder, problem solver, computational experimentalist. These are just some different types of potential agents that we could have. What we will not build initially, I disagree with this. I remember I read this and I disagree. Our own foundation model, wrapper risk is real, but at less than 10 million ARR, the capital expenses of training is suicidal. Okay, what is wrapper risk? I don't know what wrapper risk is. I think, wait, actually, maybe I do agree with this. It's like, is this saying we're at a cross-anthropic company on Google? So needed the cursors composer was that moment for the late 2025. I actually don't even know what this means. Never mind. I thought this was a different thing. I thought that's one thing, then I thought maybe it means like we're not going to build our own LOM, in which case, yeah, we're not. Rapper risk is real. Yeah, we want to watch. Oh, yeah, okay. It's just like... Yeah, I think that's what it's saying. It's just like we don't want wrapper risk here. It's just like if. I think what happened like with a legal company, I don't know if you heard of this, but there was a company that made an LLM specifically for legal research, which was supposed to like not make the kind of like hallucinogenic, hallucinatory, I don't know, mistakes where it would like create legal articles out of the blue. And so that was the idea. And then they had a certain benchmark they were using to test like its legal research ability. And then on its own benchmark, ******* Claude, OpenAI, completely crushed it. And so the company just stopped existing as it did. Okay. So like we don't want them. All right, domains beyond that. before traction physics and chemistry. Yeah, so initially when I talked to it, it talked me out of this, I agree with this extra. It said, I was like, maybe we'll do it for physics too. It's like, nah, do it, don't do it. They're not year one priorities. You want to hit the math community because it's like, it's going to make your target audience easier to lock in on. And I think physics people, it's true, like they're. It's a different bird. We'll hit him eventually. Yeah, I mean, you, you, you would be more, you know, knowledgeable about that. Yeah, I mean, it's not, it's not like it's they don't need any checkpoints, right? They don't give a ****, bro. They, but it's also, you know, it has check marks, they reject, but I think, I think also the... Like, the physics papers are just different. They're like, you know, they're not some thematic, like logical, like, like it's more of a natural science, right? It's just vibes. Like, you know, it's not just, but I'm saying most, the vast majority of physics. That's the nicest way to say that physics is fake, bro. No, you're so nice. So, what I'm saying is, what I'm saying is, the vast majority of physics research is not a theoretical paper. It's literal. What kind of experimental? Yeah, way more experimental than. But I thought those were separate, like theoretical physics versus experimental physics, or is it like... Sure, they're separate, yeah. They're separate, right? So like, but you're saying most physics papers are not theoretical physics. Yeah. So like Ed Whitten, does he interact a lot with experimentalists? Like, would he be interested in this kind of platform, do you think? Or like Ed Whitten type people? I don't really, I'm not. super familiar with all of his like work. But like I don't- Like string theory, that type of ****. Like, because I feel about this a lot more than I do about maths. I assume there's more attention on it and probably more money there to grow this initially, but what do you think? Well, it's, I think it'd be a similar idea. Okay, but basically, I think if you're working with physics, basically, you have, oh, I just had another idea. You're working with a different set of axioms, right? Like, you have, so basically, like, imagine... Imagine with the tree, right? It's interactive, so you can like ******* plug, plug and play action. Like, like, like, like, right, like, like you, you put like you see all the theorems without choice and you see all the theorems with choice. That would be really nice, yeah, right, and then, and then, then, then, then there's a physics ******* rapper where it's like, here's all the physics theorems they start with N. Right, yeah, that's a great one, that's a great idea, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, that's cool, yeah, but, but yeah, I agree, that's not that that could be done, that's down the road though, I like, I think I think that just getting the math up and running is swimming is is a good kind of first year thing, yeah, it'll get it'll get everybody's attention if if that if that's. I think so, yeah. I think, like, initially I was like, oh, there's not that much demand for math, and then Brad was like, oh, yeah, well, there's a $1. 6 billion company that literally just proves theorems. So, yeah, I think that that we don't, it's not like there's gonna be a shortage of, yeah, like, I think, I think, I think if if first year goes... even moderately well, will have worked for decades. I think you're right, bro. So here's some competitive landscape. Harmonic AI and then the funding. So they have $295 million total, $1. 45 billion valuation. What did they do? They're like a lean back reasoning engine, free API. So you can kind of call their tools and have them prove things. They want IMO gold, that would be good if we want IMO gold. That would be good, yeah. I'll send you to the IMO train you out, bro. It's not even an AI, it's just Christian. Get up, let's see, this is kind of scaring me, this, this 'cause, because, OK, what did you say? There is so harmonic, right? Yeah, also, what do you think? of the name Principia. That's so funny, dude. I had the same thought of it. No. Yeah, because I was like, Mathematica's taken, Principia Mathematica, Principia. Yeah, I actually had the same thought there. I also was thinking, Gauss AI. OK, OK, that's going to stink. I don't know. Yeah, we can talk. Yeah, that's a great thing. That's a great idea to talk about. So, OK, but OK, this kind of discussion, because like... Like Principient. It's funny, bro. It's crazy. We both fought. I swear to God, that was my first thought as Principient. I mean, it's like, it's *******, yeah, like it's, it touches on history. It's a beautiful name. It's ******* sick. Okay, so, but okay, so Harmonic, right? Mm-hmm. They are they not? OK, which one was the lean backed one? Yeah, so lean backed reasoning engine. OK, we're talking is also a lean backed reasoning engine. Why have I never heard of Harmonic before? I don't know. I mean, I guess it's like if you're not looking for these things, then you don't find them, right? Right. But like, and like, it's a good question. Like, why, why? Yeah, like, we should be something that people hear about. Yeah, it's a marketing question. Maybe, or maybe a better question is, why is Thomas Tao not using Harmonica? He might be. I guess on his YouTube videos I haven't seen that. He's using... Claude code for AI. I mean Brad is trying to use Harmonica AI. He told me about it. Okay. For the first time is how I heard about it. Yeah, but they're not marketing a lot. Like, that's the thing is like these things, I think, I'm not exactly sure who their investors are, but they're not interested in their kind of, they're not building a community or anything like that. So it's a much more closed kind of company where they kind of bring in really smart people to try and train these models to get really good at math and then create some hype around that. All right, these competitors are racing on prover capability benchmarks, right? We're not racing on benchmarks. We are competing on what a working mathematician does on a Tuesday afternoon. which is a different and less crowded contest. Okay. The closest spiritual analog, Future House for biology. Future House is a non-profit running a public platform of named scientific agents, Grow, Falcon, Phoenix, Finch, Owl for literature research, synthesis, experiment, design, biology, chemistry. They've already discovered a candidate, DAMD therapeutic. The architecture is essentially what we are proposing. A platform of specialized agents producing a public output corpus, except A, their biology, B, their nonprofit, and C, they're philanthropically funded. They're funded by... Benefactors. Benefactors. Benefact. We need benefactors. Implication pattern works, the for-profit math first vision of it is uncontested. Existential threat, Google DeepMind's AI for Math Initiative, DeepMind unveiled. Alethia, okay, I looked into this. It's actually like pretty old. Like I found an article at least from 2024 about this thing. Okay. Autonomous Professional Research Agent and it's giving it free to Imperial, so it's giving away to different organizations including some. math, AI for math, and like through some AI for math initiative. The most prestigious institutions are already maybe using DeepMind at 0 cost. So we have to find, you know, at worst, we'll have to find something about us that distinguishes us from them. And I think, actually, I didn't realize this until today, but like I think having a community aspect is something that would do that. Yeah, that's a fantastic idea. mitigations, verifiable trust attribution, persistence are not what they sell. Yeah, middle blah blah blah and the entire blah blah are not on DeepMind's free list. So only like some handful of universities get it for free. DeepMind cannot ship a community governed knowledge graph. They don't have knowledge graphs. We can route to Jonah, do you think? All right. Encroachment risk cursor. I don't think that's an encroachment risk. We can skip that. The few frugality competition, free knowledge graphs and open provers. So there's other things. So like Math Web, OEIS, proof, wiki, whatever, all free, all loved. We do not compete with them. We integrate with them and make them more discoverable. from inside agents. I think we will take from them, right, as we discussed and like try to, but like try to build things ourselves and check that what's on there is good. I think one way to. Uh, uh, what's it called, like advertiser, yeah, um, is is that we we compile, we're like, like, okay, you can both generate and also compile um knowledge with us, it's not it's um. So it's not as though we make Math Lib obsolete. It's that obsolete's the word I was looking for. Oh, obsolete, yeah, yeah, good one. Yeah, it's not that we, it's not that we, I'm gonna take some more one. It's not that we make. those tools obsolete is that we make them more powerful. Yeah. For what, like those platforms? Like, for instance, Math Lib, right, which is just a library of numbers. Yeah. It's not that like, okay, no one's going to contribute to Math Lib anymore. It's that everything from Math Lib, everything from Proof Wiki, all those things. get integrated into the same environment. Yeah. Right. And we simply. And like live, right? Not like once and then we're done. But like anytime something gets updated there, we have some system of bringing that in as well. Yeah, it's kind of it's like it's like a mix between GitHub and and I don't know what else, but it's kind of looking. It's kind of like getting the last day, yeah, exactly. Yeah, and yeah, that's I like that. Um... Yeah, how do we position ourselves? We don't want to be a lean-backed Wimpy level prover. Autonomous research mathematician workflow producing a permanent attributed verified public corpus really rolls off the tongue, huh? All right, differentiation positioning. Differentiator stack ranked by audience for working researchers. This is the tier, so like lien verification on every public claim, attribution to the prompter, permanent attribution, right? Cheap exploration of crazy. This is an interesting thought. So like, there's a lot of math today that is published and done by mathematicians because they know that like once they get. to the end of that calculation what they will find. And they know that it will be a modest, publishable result. And so the incentive is to do something that's modest and publishable, and then your name has more citations to it, rather than something that's crazy and might append your field, but also might not go anywhere. With this, if you have an agent that... Quick is basically your brain but 10 times faster and it's cheap to run. You can explore all of the crazy wild ideas that you didn't have time or the professional stamina to explore before. So yeah, yeah, it is. So that's actually Terrence Tao's framing. So we should be careful when we say present this to him to not accidentally just like. steal his quality. Like, have you considered that this is going to lead to cheap exploration of crazy ideas? He's like, I have action in those exact words. Yeah, what a great way to like. Immediately, we start and try. Custom agents owned by the researcher. Yep, that's great. Right, like you should be able to make your own agent and not. Like only reveal him once, if you want. For optional platform credit, okay. For department procurement, open access narrative. I don't know what this is. I guess it's Creative Commons, like some kind of licensing for everything that's on there. FERPA, data residency, audit logs, lien verification. Okay, for private labs, we'll look at like what the breakdowns are for like something like Mathematica, like who's the payer for the most part. Is that universities? Is it private labs, dedicated agents, on-prem lean, custom integration, six-figure check sizes are normal here, not unusual. So yeah, that's like, you know, if we're charging to a private lab, we might, that's where we'll make a lot of the money. Tagline candidates testing interviews, tagline your research automated, your, yeah, like we'll test different things of ways of part of marketing it. And it's like an interesting thought it had was a good interview signal is to drop a tagline mid-conversation and watch the person's face. And if we like interview 30 people and we're like, lean verified, human attributed, always public, and everyone's like, right, if that's their face, probably not, they want to go with, yeah, yeah, cheap exploration of crazy ideas, they're like, I heard that sound more, rings a bell, yeah, I hear they might have written that one. Prove great AI agents for serious mathematics. All right. What we will not claim, we will not claim our agent produced breakthroughs on demand. Sakana's AI scientist passed peer review once in 2026 with 42% experiment failure rates on route. We promise infrastructure not miracles. We will not auto publish unverified results. We will not call ourselves tragic for math that framing has lost the elite mathematician cohort already. Tim Gowers. whose fields not us has explicitly rejected. I don't know if that's true. We'll see. Go to market strategy. So phase zero, now to month three, founder discovery. So it says 100 interviews. Any guys have been ambitious in three months. I don't know how many methods, like we'll be cold emailing left, right, and center. I'm just not, I don't know how many mathematicians will actually talk to us. But once we talk to Terrence Tao and like have some form of, yeah, and this is something we should talk about. It's like, I don't want it to be like we talk to mathematicians and nobody knows about it, but I also don't want to post these conversations and like will immediately lose trust. So we need to find some compromise. Like are there some kind of blog that we have before that? where it's like, you know, you know, like when you land on a company, it's in beta or something. But there's like a blog, like a development journal. That could be something where we talk and maybe we don't even like name the mathematician unless they want to be named. And we're just like very curious talking to mathematicians lately. We found this, this, and that, and a lot of mathematicians really struggle with trust issues, and a lot of others have mommy issues, and that's why they're, you know, and whatever, right? Yeah, but parents' tiles in the Oedipus complex. He's like, "I just don't publish the right, we got you, bro." Crazy ideas are gonna be cheap to explore, and then we publish it as a need of this go. We ******* came the back community, bro, and take them by storm. But the thing is, okay, so yeah, okay, so you're, so just to clarify, we're talking about, we want to interview mathematicians, we want to, we want to build up the public, I suppose, profile. But at the same time, I suppose, I guess, I suppose, okay, with respect to the privacy of some of the mathematicians. Another thing. I'm worried about is if if we are too public too quickly, could anthropic just steal the idea? It's like. Yes, someone could steal the idea, but... But, like, I think... It's less likely that that would happen, because... A lot of the time, like a good idea is actually not that hard to come by, but like, it's about believing it's a good idea and having like the endurance to push on with it. Anthropic's a big company and they would, like they're much more likely, they're not like, wow, that's such a good ******* idea, let's build that from scratch. It's much more likely that they'll be like, Ohh, you guys have built this? Let's buy you for a billion, right? Right? By the time that we actually have you, 'cause they don't know if it's a good idea. We don't even know if it's a good idea, right? We'll know when we have customers and like the mathematicians are like, "Wow, this is a great idea, " then it'll be again, I guess we were right. I guess the point at which I'm talking about was that that stage where we are looking for funding. Yeah, we have, maybe publicly at this point, we have mathematicians that are backing us. Yeah. So now I throw up and knows it's a good idea. Or, at the very least, they know that there's a, they know that there's mathematicians backing us, but you know what mathematicians wouldn't be a fan of if just comes in and steals an idea shamelessly. And also like, why would anthropic? Like anthropic has much more like high. Like why would they just like randomly go build a specifically a community for mathematicians? Basically, right? Like that would, that's not a very good investment of their money. Because if I had $13 billion and my job was to make more money for my shareholders, I wouldn't build a mathematician specific community. I'm doing this as like a zero to nothing. Zero to something thing, right? Not 13, whatever entropics worth like 100 billion to 200 billion. Your calculus at that point is completely different. Okay. And it's what makes you monuments different. Well, it might not be entropic, but it could be something else. Yeah, like maybe you like you're saying like maybe Axiom Math is like, oh yeah, we didn't think to add a community. Maybe it did, maybe. That's just something you have to like take a risk because there's no like patents for ideas, you know, and it's like, well, okay. Okay, I will say this though, that like in my experience with just life and anything is like whenever I've worried about like my research being stolen or something or like my idea being usually I have the opposite problem that nobody cares. I just remember what you told me about when you were like first year and you thought like the CIA was actually. I thought the CIA and steal my fake *** proof of like, of the *******, what was it? Infinite Primes. Like it was a basic result. And I thought I found this like marvelous new proof and that it was so good that the CIA was gonna come and like steal, like they were like on tapping my phone then. I'm gonna have a lot of... Are you smoking a lot of pot at the time? Occasionally, yeah. Occasionally, yeah. I get those paranoid times sometimes, man. Only when I'm high as ****. I'm gonna have a lot to talk about with the asylum guy, bro. You know, I'm so curious. Talk to this dude? Are you curious to talk to him? He's gonna be an insane genius, dude. What if he still is already there? He's just like, "Ohh, that's good, " and then tomorrow it's like $10 billion revenue. I really, finally, I can like break out of the asylum. I don't know, I have some goons to come and I think we should we should maybe interview interview the my petitions without. without a silent guy. Oh, 100. Yeah, no, dude, I think, okay, from what I've understood, he is autistic. He's very nice though. Like, I, like, he's really sweet in chat, at least the way I've interacted with him. But I'm not thinking like it's gonna be like, you know, a partner relationship. I, like, maybe as a dev or something. Because he's just like, I think he has a lot of knowledge that he could bring to this. Okay. My. What about in terms of a timeline for interviews? Like, the other thing is, okay, of course, like, if we're called emailing, right? If we say, hey, we've interviewed whatever famous mathematicians, that's also more likely to, yeah. Great, so. In terms of a, in terms of a strategy for how we maximize the number of interviews we get, yeah, you know, okay, of course, I mean, probably talking to, I think, what's his name, Brian, or your advisor, or Brad, yeah, Brad, I, I, this, I mean, this year, I don't know, I don't even know this guy. That's work, but try to learn his name before we talk to me, yeah, that's right, got to remember. Pleasure to chat with you, Brian. But like, and I know that, would you say that Terrence was his first student or vice versa or something, like first PhD? Was Brian Terrence Taos' first PhD student? What was the connection? You said there was some connection there. Well, he was his PhD student. Okay, I see. I don't know if he was his first. We can check. It's going to be on math genealogy. But like... You know, I I getting interview with parents that might not actually be the hardest thing, but having. Having had that interview will be a great benefit to our cold emails probably. Oh, 100, bro. And like, honestly, this is tough, okay, because I'm sure Terrence Tal will say yes, because he's a relatively public figure now. I want to post about that on LinkedIn. You know what I mean? Like, even maybe we'll have a company page. I'm not sure we have to find where we'll do our marketing, but like, you know, that's just, you know, that's something that would be really advantageous regardless of where this goes. You know, like, and honestly, you should get LinkedIn too and stuff and like. I, you know what I mean? Like, we should try to maybe, Kate, can you do this? Actually, this is a good thing to do, but get LinkedIn and put a, like, you have a good profile picture where you're like playing chess or something. That's a great founder pic, bro. I like that a lot, and then just start adding people that you know. You want to get to 500 plus, so it says 500 plus. I know it sounds superficial, but just like a lot of marketing, a lot of these things today, it's like, I mean, I found my job through LinkedIn, right? It's like, it's just invaluable for something like that. So yeah, Brad was his 4th or fourth. Yeah, I guess 4th or 5th student. Okay. What website is this on? Math Genealogy. It's like, you can see everybody's like advisor, their advisor, and he goes back. Does it show you people's Irdish numbers? I don't know if those are just numbers now. That's actually hilarious. I've never seen this before. OK, I gotta use the watching, yeah. Mm. And. How much more of this of the business plan do we have left? We'll skip some of it. We'll just go over the important stuff. And we can also meet again to talk about it. Yeah, sure. Are you going to be in this building every time? Yeah, same building. Um... Yeah, so 100 interviews before scaling, maybe that's a bit ambitious, so we'll start with lean, curious, early career researchers. That's another good, that's a good point. Like, not everybody we talk to, and we'll do this. Okay, so like, I was thinking about this while you were doing whatever you were doing in there. Yeah, yeah. We are going to have like, this is both. for marketing, right? And I'll like it's for our kind of like market research. Honestly, market research you can kind of do today by just asking Claude to like read all of the internet and find mathematicians' takes, but it's just also for marketing, right? So we'll like want to have a kind of like development journal type blog, right? Of like who we talk, maybe like, I don't know, name drops if they're down with that, if not. whatever, but just who we've talked to, what they, you know, some like our own insights about that kind of thing. And sometimes I'll post about it on LinkedIn and you should do that too as well. We can curious early career researchers. So yeah, postdocs, second, yeah, so some people can be like literally, you know, early career researcher, somebody who's not. a big name. A lot of young people, maybe they're going to be more tech savvy, right? So they're going to have more takes that are actually useful to us. A math of contributors, mid-career researchers, and formalization active subfields, so number theory. Yeah, it's a big formalization. Senior advocates last. So like Terrence Tao, Andrew Granville. I have an in with Andrew Granville. Brad knows him. Peter Schultz. I don't know Peter Schultz. I don't know anyone that knows Peter. I know a girl that knows Peter Schultz, but like they met once. They're not interview subjects. their potential design partners after we have a working demo, their time costs more than ours. Industrial Labs in parallel, Jane Street ML Research, Renaissance Technologies, Deep Mind Anthropic Degree Teams, Hudson River Trading, they will pay enterprise prices, the academy will not. Um, yep. So that's good. We want to get like Jane Street to invest, right? And they're going to, and Jane Street loves **** like this. They're like, oh, it's for math. Like, honestly, did Jane, we need a ******* list of companies that are like super likely to just give us money off the bat. And Jane Street is one of them, because for them, it's not just about like us being profitable potentially. That's a part of it, of course, but it's also just like, wow, this is like, this makes us look really good if we invest in these guys. Okay. Because it's like, we're mathematicians, open source, it's got all the right ******* buzzwords. Yeah. I don't know what James Jade is, but it's the big quant company that I interviewed for. They do this thing where they invest in a lot of like science type. Initiatives, okay, I see. Yeah, I didn't get it. It's like if you, they pay you 600 grand. Hey, hey, you gonna be like, you ******* wish you ******* hired me. That's what you're gonna say. Gonna build this for you, mother. All right, expected outputs by phase zero, validated wedge, which sub-persona pays first. So like we know who is likely to be our client, three to five committed design partners, ambitious, but we'll see. Concrete agent template. I do want to try building a library of agents, just like let's play around. This right, and kind of like I've been doing, and probably, yeah, one thing I wanna like this week, I would really like to see if I can get even the most basic translation from some some paper to to lean code. I think that would be really that that would be fantastic, man, and honestly, like anything we do, like let's make it. So that anything you do, you put in the GitHub with like a little, even like a vibe based kind of, we'll maybe formalize this a bit later, but just like I want to know what you're doing, you probably want to know what I'm doing. And like I know that I've been just like dumping **** in there and like, yeah, that's fine because I literally, it took me some time to even just wrap my head around. But going forward, like I think it'd be good if we both knew what each of us is working on. Like we'll obviously talk a lot, but especially if the asylum guy becomes a part of it at some point or whatever, like he wants to do something. You know. But again, this is a good sea fruit by asylum guy. You're gonna be your first approver. Check mark sent from the Ottawa Royals. Hmm. All right, I'm sorry. I'll skip the other phases because these are irrelevant to us now. Channel ranking summary, whole market presence, and... Yeah, so like maybe we'll give free tiers to people with.edu. Whatever, maybe not. What does that mean? Like, if their email address is like a school email, then we're like... you get some kind of benefits for that. Because it's like we're trying to get researchers on. What we won't do, no paid display ads, no SEO content marketing farm, no AI for everyone, no conferences outside math in year one. Not trying to sell to the AI community, okay. Pricing and packaging, we can talk about that later. These are my base numbers, I don't. But yeah, like just so to give you an idea though, like for an individual like researcher pro, could be like $29 a month, right? But then for a department site license, like it could be like 25 a year, 25K a year. Okay, right, or like enterprise for like a private research and development lab could like easily could charge 150 grand a year. All right, all right, agent compute unit, 15 minutes of agent hour, so for internal cost, selling at blah blah blah. two packaging principles to defend. The free tier must be generously useful in perpetuity. The graph is the, and maybe before I forget, like, yeah, like part of this cost is not just because like people are going to be like, I can just use quad code for this. Quad code doesn't come with like Terrence Tal's check mark, right? We want to have mathematicians that like use this, right? This is this is really important. I didn't even think about this until today, till we talked about it today, but like we need to have that to really set us apart from cloud code down the line. Yeah, 2 packaging principles to defend: the free tier must be generously. Useful in perpetuity, the graph is the mode, the free tier feeds the graph and seeds the funnel. Yeah, so it should be useful, should actually produce things. Department enterprise prices are quoted, not listed. Yep, we don't list that. Well, from an overview, yeah. Right, because it's way too hard. I, to be honest, I completely blanked on like maybe the past 30 seconds. That's okay. We just say it's not that important. It's just like free tier should be... You know, like it should do what you would want right from an agent that autonomously does research. And then we shouldn't be too open about the enterprise prices because that's where we actually make money. They're going to be ******* high. Okay, cost structure. And skip, we can skip, we can skip. Skip this. Funding strategy recommended sequence stage one, one zero to six, bootstrapped with non-dilutive capital while running interviews, submit to Renaissance, so it just was some. It just gives us a list of like, um... initiatives to contact Simon's Foundation, right? These guys will give grants to institutes and different ideas like this. Stage 2, month 6 to 12. So, that's angel investors or seed round. We'll look at, you know, we can look at this later. The strategic argument for Grants First. Yeah, it's saying to initially go to grants rather than investors. Yeah, it was. It diffuses the corporate enclosure objection structurally, not rhetorically. Right. So like, I guess the mathematicians might be skeptical if we're like this corporation that's like trying to buy up all of math. I don't think that that's like I think what is over selling this, this concern because like. It's 2 guys at the end of the day, right? Like it's not like we are Jeff Bezos and like Bill Gates, they're buying up all of math, right? Like I don't think mathematicians are going to talk to us and be like, wow, you guys are like these corporate psychos and need to be stopped at all costs. I mean, we, yeah, I mean, the other thing is we both went to school for math, right? So it's like. Yeah, I, I don't, yeah, have a ******* degree, but, but you know, like, that gives us, you know, some credibility, yeah, but we are not, yeah, and we wanna make that clear, we're not AI bros, right, but like, yeah, that's what it's saying, it's just like, we don't want the this to have this like corpo feel to it of like, we're trying, yeah, but if it's open source, right, like, I think... Yeah, like really selling the fact that it's open source is important, like, but that's the thing is like this is just saying where is our money coming from? It's better if it's grants because people in academia are used to that, but if it's like Palantirs investing, they're going to be like, no thanks, bro. Yeah. So we don't want money for balance here, right? Right. There's some companies where like, I'm willing to bite the bullet on that. And if it's, but like, you know, if it's truly an evil company like that, it's actually going to hurt us down the line to take money from them. Yeah. They would have to give us if they gave us $100,000, but then I just take the 100 million and then just like start over. And then, just, you know, fair alright. Uh, those guys find scare me, man. Oh, that's crazy. Have you read their manifesto? That's ******* terrible. I know, I saw us. I watched a video of the guy just like being like, yeah, like we use our tech to kill people, but I don't know about their manifesto. Were their manifestos like... The government is overworked and needs to take a break. And they say, billionaires should not be shamed for... wanting to engage in public policy rather than just wanting to turn a buck. I'm like, well, that sounds good. But what you're really saying is that like billionaires should be able to like run the world. Without facing it, yeah, yeah, and that's a little bit, you know, it's like we shouldn't shame millionaires for wanting to engage in public calls, like, why, why is that a company manifesto? Yeah, those guys, those guys have ******* terrible marketing skills, man, like, that's a great point, like, they have the. .. But it's almost like, I think that's by design, 'cause, like, if they're, you know, if they're really killing people, isn't that like, it's probably like, I feel, yeah, it probably is in part by it, 'cause it's like showing we're so big that it doesn't ******* matter. Okay, all right, here are some open strategic questions: Who is the co-founder? Who are who Christian could tell me about this guy? Christian Kudiba, who is he? And what is their wedge? Equity split, decision rights, vesting cliff, conflict process, document before product. Product name currently unnamed should evoke map of mathematics or verified record without sounding sterile. Five to 10 candidates in test. So like we were thinking. Gauss AI, we're thinking Principia. Yeah, you have any other thoughts? Like, maybe some mathematician AI. It's a bit, I like Principia. I like it too. The other one I was thinking of was Elements. Elements, you know, like, yeah, but I like Elements. That's a beautiful name, actually, yeah. Elements is good. I like that. Elements. I like Elements, dude. Yeah. Elements is good. Yeah. I think Elements could work. Are you on Elements? I'm torn. I'm torn. No, but like imagine like you just like. Are you on Gauss AI? I don't like that, you know, but like, hey, bro, you on Elements? Yeah, I'm on Elements. It is kind of sick, actually. Isn't it good? It sounds good, man. And the other thing is, it's thematically very fit, if you know what Elements is about, right? Yeah. So I... Uh, it is, it is not, yeah, you want elements, bro? Oh, someone send me your ******* elements, like send me, dude, yeah, that could be a name of something, like that could be your agents, is like your library of agents called your elements. I like your stock is like the elements. This is my own. What elements do you have? Oh, I got, yeah, that's good. I like elements. I say elements is good. I like elements. It's got a, it's got a nice, it's got a ring to it for sure. I like elements A lot. Yeah. Maybe elements, man. All right, first subfield to dominate number theory. Because it has a lot of wing coverage and also, you know, yours truly and coverage, combinatorics. It's good, yeah, combinatorics is pretty rigorous compared to a lot of math. Do agents write wean, check wean, or both? Both is the right answer eventually. Yeah. One thing we should probably bring up, conflict resolution. You know what? Yeah. Well, I mean, we love each other. I don't think there's going to be anything better. But yeah, you know, you hear the ******* whatever, Mark Zuckerberg ****. Eduardo ****, yeah. Yeah, so. How do we do? I don't. How do decisions get made? You know what I mean? What are your thoughts on this? Well, I mean. I like the, I like the just kind of trust-based, we ******* work together and things, yeah, inevitably unsure, we'll disagree with things, yeah, we could have some process of... Like, like a trial time that we try feature for some amount of time. Uhh. I don't know, I mean... Tyler. I would like... Yeah. Oh. Is there, should we, should we try to maybe formalize a process of, of... Testing ideas or or or coming up with a decision on things? Yeah, you know my thinking on this is that... It's. I've never actually kind of done anything with anyone else before. I know what you mean, like, you know, you're my best friend, bro, and like... It's. You know, like I'm not this cutthroat guy, like, you know, and I don't think you are either. But it's just, yeah, you're right. Like, sometimes we will disagree and there has to be something to make these decisions. I think we should eventually figure this out. But I think that like deciding things like equity split. It's kind of like we need to get to that point, right? Yeah, it's premature now. It's a bit premature. But I definitely, I don't want to like leave it until... Yeah, until like an investor asks us and then I was thinking about that too and then we like look at each other. That's not good. We need to know kind of like what the... what the process is of this. Yeah, I'm sure. And just people, I would sooner leave you to just do this than have a big fight. You know what I mean? So Yeah, um, but yeah, so... In any case, yeah, it's something we'll have to discuss, but let me, yeah. Um... Should we talk about game plan for the next, like, maybe 2 weeks? Like, what should we be doing? Yeah, what should we do? What should we do in the next two weeks, two months? Yeah. Yeah, I mean... I think we should. Well, I'll save this transcript here. Let's stop. Well, no, let's maybe keep it going for a bit, but we'll save this transcript. We'll feed that back and update the business plan with everything that we've said. And I think we will, I think it's a bit late now, so we can do this next time we talk. We'll make a presentation. As a kind of potential pitch for mathematicians and kind of questions, I think I might have skipped this by accident, but there's like there was a part where, um, like questions that you could ask a mathematician. Um... So, I was, so there were some questions like, you know, what was your most recent ChatGPT conversation? That's not a great question, but like, how do you usually use AI? What sorts of things? Do you find AI does really well today? Does it do badly today? What do you wish were, you know, what's something in your own research process where AI you think can't replace it, right? And maybe they'll say something and really, wow, AI can immediately replace it. But we, you know, we have to just ask those questions and... Like first build a list of questions before interviewing Brad. Then I want to interview Brad sooner rather than later before he forgets and he's like, what is this about again? And he'll be your kind of test on me, and then I'll ask him after, like, what we did well and what we didn't do well. I think we should try to keep playing around with the agents and at some point we should start building the GitHub in a way that's easy to keep track of, right? Like where it's a kind of company wiki type line, right? Where we have... An agent, like, like, where basically everything we've done, everyone we've talked to, we can keep track of that, and... have it as an updating plan of like where we're going, what we still need to do. We should have like a blog. I'll try to set this up. Like, I'll think about how to best set this up, like a blog of like our sort of development journal of this as we talk with mathematicians. Okay. Yeah, yeah. Um... Like A published blog or internal one? Oh, published, published. Publish for sure. And I'll post about it on LinkedIn at some point as well. I have about 1000 followers now. So yeah, OK. Do that. Yeah. Yeah, that's cool. And I'm sure, by the way, hasn't anyone else bought build? No, but I have people using it actually. Before you came today, there was a guy that was, let's have a look at it. Anyone named Nam? I don't know, man. I told a few people or something. Do I not have internet? Are we done with this? We probably are done with this, yeah. Dude, that was great, man. That was really productive.
